"There are worse things in life than death. I mean, if you've ever spent an evening with an insurance salesman, you know exactly what I mean."

"If my calculations are correct, when this baby hits 88 miles an hour... you're gonna see some serious shit."

"Traveling through hyperspace ain't like dusting crops, boy. Without precise calculations, we'd fly right through a star, or bounce too close to a supernova, and that would end your trip real quick, wouldn't it?"

"Back off man. I'm a scientist."

"Last night, Darth Vader came down from planet Vulcan and told me that if I didn't take Lorraine out that he'd melt my brain."

"Roads? Where we're going, we don't need roads..."

"Jesus Christ, Doc, you just disintegrated Einstein!"

"How do you explain school to a higher intelligence?"

"What are you doing, Dave?"

"I'm not the heroic type. Really, I was beaten up by Quakers."

"Well, you can't do physics without mathematics, really, can you?"

"I shall create my own race of atomic supermen, that will conquer the world!"

"Now you see that evil will always triumph, because good is dumb."

"Joey, you like movies about gladiators?"

"- What do you believe in?
- Sex and death. Two things that come once in my lifetime. But, at least after death you're not nauseous."

"Science is an intellectual dead end you know? It's a lot of little guys in tweed suits cutting up frogs on foundation grants."

"This is Ripley, last survivor of the Nostromo, signing off."

"This new learning amazes be, Sir Bedevere! Explain how again how sheep's bladders may be used to prevent earthquakes."

"This mission is too important for me to allow you to jeopardize it."

"Let's go directly to... ludicrous speed!"

"- You think there's a connection between this Vigo character and the slime?
- Is the atomic weight of cobalt 58.9?"

"That's no moon, it's a space station!"

"Maybe now you'll never slime a guy with a positron collider!"

"- Does it run, like, on regular unleaded gasoline?
- Unfortunately, no. It requires something with a little more kick... plutonium!"

"My brain?! That's my second favorite organ!"

"Check... check... checking the cell structure... checking... And now, the cell structure has been checked!"

"Mischief managed."

"If there's a bright center to the universe, you're on the planet that is farthest from."

"I solemnly swear that I am up to no good."

"I'm great physically, I got a PhD in oral sex."

"The key here, I think, is to not think of death as an end. But, but, think of it more as a very effective way of cutting down on your expenses."

"- Zuul was the minion of Gozer. What's Gozer?
- Gozer was very big in Samaria."

"Personally, I liked the University. They gave us money and facilities, we didn't have to produce anything. You've never been out of college. You don't know what it's like out there."

"If the ionization-rate is constant for all ectoplasmic entities, we could really bust some heads... in a spiritual sense, of course."

"When someone asks you if you're a god, you say, 'Yes!'"

"- Einstein did his best stuff when he was working as a patent clerk!
- You know how much a patent clerk earns?!"

"I'm French. Why do think I have this outrageous accent, you silly king?"

"Can we not talk about sex so much?"

"Hokey religions, and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side."

"There is no spoon..."

"- Sir, the possibility of successfully navigating an asteroid field is approximately 3720 to 1!
- Never tell me the odds."